reads words on screen
♪I guess often I
stare into the sun♪
♪O'r the hills and long
beyond the river's run♪
♪I take time
to never mind♪
♪Never mind, never
mind, never mind♪
♪It shows me a life well
worth the gamble on♪
Well after
a nice long drive-
we're finally here!
♪Lately I
cannot hide it♪
It's a sweet
looking town!
Yeah!
It is.
One that's definitely
on the brink of booming.
Come on, pal.
I think this was one of
the first B's to open.
What do you think?
It's gorgeous!
Who knew a B and B
could be so elegant?
What were you expecting?
Something a little more
rugged, knowing your tastes.
I can appreciate a little
luxe every now and again.
What do you
think, pal?
Should we
check it out?
Yeah!
Hey!
Rex!
Come on, pal!
Rex, where are
you headed?
The B
is next door!
Strange.
What is it?
Hey Rex.
Come on pal.
His name
was Eric Gordon.
When did
you get here?
About half
an hour ago.
Did you see or hear
anything strange?
No, nothing.
Rex knew something
was up though.
Oh!
Smart dog.
He's a police
officer, actually.
Rex.
He's my partner.
Partner?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, the famous
Hudson and Rex!
Right here
in Apple Bay?
Um-
we're here to help-
if you need
any assistance.
Thank you,
but we don't.
Outsiders done
enough already.
What do you
mean by that?
Don't take this personal.
But you people come
here full of ideas.
Think you know
what's best.
But you don't.
Eric would tell you
himself, if he could.
Lost his pub when he couldn't
pay his property taxes.
Now it's a fancy
brew pub-
where locals can't
even afford a pint.
That pub is
a second home-
to most of
this town-
going back generations.
It sounds like
a special place.
It was.
Money moves in and honest
folk are forced out.
Those come from aways
who own the B
are as much the
killers as anyone.
Do you think I could
come back later-
and have a look
at the body?
There's no
need for that.
Maybe I'm not
being clear.
But Eric had enough.
He took his
own life.
You may be right.
But something
looked off to me.
Thank you
for the offer.
But this is
my jurisdiction.
I'll take it
from here.
How would
you like to pay?
Credit please.
Oops.
Let's see.
I've got it in
here somewhere.
There you go.
Great.
Thank you.
Things move slower
here than in the city.
Let us know if
you need anything.
Oh, thanks.
Actually, um-
a good place
to eat nearby?
Ah, we've got you.
We're from Toronto.
Oh, me too!
What brought
you out east?
We were sick
of the city.
Hard to catch
your breath-
with all the
people in Toronto.
You know?
Absolutely.
Sometimes you
need a reset.
Refocus.
How long until you'll know
what happened to Eric?
Uh- excuse me?
Well you're cops, right?
Just curious what happened.
I think the local
authorities are handling it.
Gina?
So a year
from now.
Thanks.
Maybe now we can
finally get our offer in-
on Eric's house.
Ian.
Oh come on.
Dude would've clung
on to it forever.
I'd be up for tearing
the place down.
Building a spa.
You wouldn't?
Eric hasn't even
been cut down yet.
Anyway.
We should-
Right up here.
Come on Rex.
Of course.
Thank you.
Major Crimes.
Oh hi Ethel.
How are you?
Yeah, switchboard's good today?
That's good.
No no.
No, I'm
happy to help.
What do you need?
Well I'm a
little busy.
Actually I'm super busy.
But that's okay.
I have a
few minutes.
Okay yeah.
Is the computer
light on?
Green one?
Okay turn that off.
Yeah that.
Turn that off.
You doing okay?
Still thinking about
the body next door?
No no no.
We're on vacation.
And plus Gina said
she didn't need us.
Well you said something
seemed off to about the body.
Yeah, but I-
I can't put my
finger on it.
But your gut is saying it's
more than just a suicide.
Hmm?
Maybe it's worth
trying with Gina again.
I don't want
to push.
What if you went back
over on your own?
Would she be more
open if it's just me?
And not the famous
Hudson and Rex?
Hey?
Well, I mean you
said it, not me.
What will
you two do?
We could poke
around town.
Get to know
the place.
If it's fraught with
changes as Gina said-
Could be relevant
in Eric's death.
Yeah, what do
you think pal?
You want to
walk around-
and see if that
handsome face-
will get the locals
chatting with us?
I think
that's a yes.
Okay.
Come on, pal.
Let's go for
a little walk.
Yeah I know.
It is beautiful,
isn't it pal?
Come on pal.
Let's go take
a look around.
Let's see what
we can see.
No, I
haven't heard.
Woman2: It's cute!
I'm not sure.
Let's just go.
Come on.
Let's just go back
to the house.
Come on pal.
Thank you.
Our local doc confirmed that
we're looking at a suicide.
Oh!
I don't mean to step
on any toes here.
But I'd like
to take a look.
Well I've only known
Eric his whole life.
But you clearly
know better.
Yeah, sometimes a second
set of eyes can help.
Sure, but I'm telling
you, Eric was depressed.
And if you're right,
I'll leave you to it.
It'll just take
a few minutes.
By all means-
knock yourself out.
Did the doctor give an
approximate time of death?
No.
Didn't seem much
need for that.
Do you have
an estimate?
Well it's
impossible to know-
now the body's
been cut down.
Why's that?
Post-mortem blood pooling-
usually helps
determine time of death.
Since the body's
been moved-
there's no way
to tell for sure.
Well Eric called me
around four today.
So he must have died
some time between then-
and when you
guys arrived.
What did he
call about?
I'm not sure.
I missed his call.
Did he leave
a message?
Yeah.
Yeah, he said
he wanted to talk.
Probably to complain
about something.
Like I said-
Eric was depressed.
Well that may be.
But here-
have a look.
These indents-
are from the rope
he was hung from.
But they don't
match the bruising.
So-
Bodies don't
bruise after death.
But they will
take impressions.
I think Eric was already
dead when he was hung.
Wait, are you saying that
somebody else did this?
Well look.
These wounds
on his face-
and his hands-
suggest a struggle.
Gina.
This isn't suicide.
It's homicide.
Oh my God.
Eric's wife, Marie.
Eric!
Oh my God!
Just hold
on for a sec, Marie!
No no no
no no.
Just come over here.
Oh my God!
I just
can't believe it.
I'm so sorry you
had to see him like this.
It's not like him.
There must be
another explanation.
Hey.
I understand Eric had
been troubled recently.
Things have been rough-
if that's what
you mean.
But-
he wouldn't do this.
How long were
you two married?
Nine years.
We separated a
couple months ago.
You left him when
he lost the pub.
That's not
why I left.
Well I'm sure it
couldn't have helped.
Eric drank a lot.
He couldn't remember who
he was when he was drunk.
When was the last time
that you saw him?
I see him
all the time.
We had a beer yesterday.
And how was he?
A bit crabby.
But that's Eric.
He was unhappy.
He never would have
killed himself.
Did you two drink
together often?
Sure.
I mean not
as much.
It's different since
we ended things.
But-
why should I care
how much he drinks now?
I still love him,
you know?
Just not in the way
he needs me to.
anymore.
I'm sorry
for your loss.
The town doctor agreed with
Gina that it's a suicide -
But?
But all the forensics
say that it's not.
Here we go.
Oh thank you.
But I couldn't.
Oh come on.
No really.
I'm stuffed.
Okay.
How about you?
Room for another?
I won't say no.
All right.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
So-
how did you
hear about us?
Well-
I saw your five
star reviews online.
And-
Rex insisted we
come check you out.
And have we met
Rex's expectations?
He's pretty satisfied.
How did you two come
to settle in Apple Bay?
It's a long way to come
for some fresh air.
A few years ago a couple
from the mainland-
converted an old
fishing shed into a B
A big feature in
Condé Nast Traveler.
We thought with the right
investment that could be us.
We looked into it.
Crunched some numbers.
And got in-
before the prices
got too steep?
Exactly.
This town
is blowing up.
You know-
from what
little I've seen-
not all the locals are
too happy about that.
People fear change.
But if you
can't adapt-
then you're
bound to lose.
Time doesn't stop
while people catch up.
If you see an opportunity,
you go for it.
That's how
you get ahead.
And what about the
people that can't?
Well they can find
somewhere else to live.
It's the way
of the world.
So, um-
I met Marie-
Eric's wife-
earlier.
Ex-wife.
Right.
She was-
pretty shaken up.
Poor thing.
Such a shock.
I mean, I
know I sound awful.
But if I
was Eric-
and I was married
to that woman-
I would have offed
myself years ago.
Enjoy.
Alone at last.
I can't believe how open
Angus was about Marie.
Yeah, you met her.
What was she like?
Grieving.
And sure Eric
didn't kill himself.
Aligns with forensics?
He didn't hang
himself Charlie.
Someone strangled him first.
Sounds like we have
a murder to solve.
Yes we do.
First thing-
tomorrow morning.
Jesse, hey!
Your work must be
as riveting as mine.
What- walking Ethel
through a full system reboot?
Yeah it's utterly gripping.
Switchboard tech support?
Yeah.
You know what?
Maybe this little lull-
is the perfect opportunity
for a side gig.
A case study-
of sorts.
Sounds enterprising.
Well I was thinking since you
and I did so well together-
on the last case-
maybe you could
help me investigate?
If you want.
Depends.
What are we
talking about?
Okay.
Here's the thing.
It's more of a personal case
rather than a criminal one.
If you catch
my drift.
I don't, actually.
I think Charlie
and Sarah might be-
you know-
Really?
Yeah.
Huh!
Not sure you have
anything there.
But-
you can run your
evidence by me.
It's going to
cost you though.
Name your price.
Your face.
My face?
Are you some sort of
underground gangster?
Selling body parts
on the dark web?
Practicing facial structure.
Mmmm.
If you sit
for a portrait-
I'll help you.
Okay fine!
You've got
yourself a deal.
Sleep okay?
Like a baby.
Charlie and Rex are
still snoozing upstairs.
Happy to hear it.
Well, one of us
is always here.
So just give a shout if
you ever need anything.
Oh, since you asked-
any chance you heard anything
from Eric's next door-
yesterday afternoon?
Maybe around five?
Nothing.
And-
I was right here-
working on designs
for the kitchen.
So no indication
anything was wrong?
I wish I'd
heard something.
Maybe-
I could have
helped him.
Well if anything
comes to mind-
we'd be happy
to hear it.
I did hear
from a friend-
that Eric went
to the pub-
yesterday afternoon.
Was that unusual?
No but whenever
he did go-
it was to run
off his mouth.
Or get up in
Tom's face.
The new owner?
Yeah, Eric said-
that Tom stole
what was his.
Nice place.
Not sure I'd want
to kill for it though.
If Angus was right and
Eric was here yesterday-
it could be
our lead.
♪Well I'm going to the land
of the great red sand♪
♪Took the ferry
across the strait♪
This wasn't exactly-
how I envisioned things
turning out this weekend.
Sorry about that.
Are you kidding?
Wouldn't be complete
without a case.
Oh do we
need to worry?
Worry?
Why?
Well I mean-
I dated this
co-worker before.
This was years ago.
But everything was fine-
until we realized that we didn't
have anything in common-
except for work.
The only thing you
have to worry about-
is whether you can keep up
with me on our next long run.
Oh you know
better than anyone-
that I can
keep up.
I heard that we had
a famous visitor-
to Apple Bay.
It's Rex right?
Do you
mind if I-?
Actually, um-
he's working.
Are you Tom McGimsie?
Oh this is
about Eric?
Did you know him?
A little.
it's a real shame.
This was Eric's bar.
Wasn't it?
Before you bought it?
Is that a problem?
I don't know.
Is it?
We heard that Eric
didn't want to sell.
Look, I'm really sorry
about what happened to him.
But it's not my fault the
man couldn't pay his taxes.
One man's bad luck -
another man's opportunity?
Right?
Eric was stuck.
Eric resented my success.
That's about all
there is to it.
What happened
to your hands?
I was out back.
I was wrapping hoses.
They broke apart.
Tom.
I suggest-
this is where you
be honest with us.
Okay.
Yeah.
Eric stormed in
here yesterday.
And he was screaming.
And he was cussing.
So I had to
throw him out.
And it might have
got a little bit rough.
Why lie about it?
I'm sorry.
I just want nothing
to do with this.
Okay, Eric and I
were not friends.
I admit I laid
hands on the man.
And that's all
that happened.
That's the whole story.
So if you
think I had-
something to do
with his death-
Nobody is suggesting
that you're involved.
We're just talking.
Did you notice-
anything strange about Eric's
demeanor when you saw him?
Yeah.
I mean, he was
definitely off-
even for Eric.
Something was wrong.
So Eric was depressed
about losing the pub.
Sure, he was struggling.
But all the forensic evidence
tells me that he was murdered.
And Tom said that Eric was more
troubled than usual yesterday.
He called Gina
wanting to talk.
But he didn't
mention what about.
That's what we
need to figure out.
She's alive.
She's just-
blackout drunk.
Huh.
So what
can you tell us?
From what I hear-
Lauren can't get over what
happened to her daughter.
What was that?
She drowned.
Like fifteen years ago.
Kendra was
only a teenager-
when a rogue wave
took her out to sea.
Oh that's awful.
She never recovered.
They say-
she keeps her room
exactly as it was-
the day she died.
No wonder
she's reeling now.
Wait wait.
What-
What do you
mean by that?
Eric was sort of her
last tie to Kendra.
They grew up together.
He was even there
when she died.
After that-
Eric looked
out for Lauren.
She'll be lost
without him.
Oh!
What am I
going to do?
He's gone!
Look, once you
get some rest-
you'll feel better okay?
Come on.
It's okay.
We need to talk.
Why are you questioning people
without talking to me first?
You mean the
pub owner?
Tom McGimsie.
Yes.
Right.
Um- we were
at the pub-
for lunch.
And he happened
to be there.
From now on-
we'll be sure to
keep you informed.
Informed?
You should have
asked me.
I know you're Major Crimes
from the big city.
But this is
my town.
My case.
And we respect that.
Thank you.
Gina do you
think you and I-
could take another look
at the crime scene together-
just to see what
else we can find?
All right.
I'm going
to stay here.
I'm going to
chat with Lauren-
when she's feeling
a bit better-
if that's okay
with you?
It is.
All right.
Okay.
You'll call me if anything
comes up right?
Yeah.
Hopefully this will help.
Thanks.
You want to tell me
what's going on?
I'm fine.
You don't seem fine.
Does this happen to you
a lot when you drink?
I had a
bad day.
That's all.
I understand you
were close with Eric.
He was always there
when I needed someone.
Helped out when
I couldn't manage.
He knew my Kendra.
I'm very sorry
for your loss.
Maybe you should
take a little time.
I've got to get back
to work tomorrow.
Property assessments.
I understand the market
is hot right now.
But if you need to
take care of yourself-
I can't.
I'm the City Official.
Can I walk
you home?
Thank you.
I'm fine.
You know-
it's not the same
town as it used to be.
Some of that's
good I guess.
But mostly-
it's plain awful.
Hey, I'm heading
out for a bit.
But Ian is around
if you need anything.
Thanks.
Let's hear this
evidence of yours.
What makes
you so sure-
that Charlie and
Sarah are an item?
Okay well
first of all-
they're together
all the time-
working more hand
in glove than ever.
So?
They're a good team.
Nothing romantic about that.
What about the fact that
I hear them whispering-
closely.
More than once.
And-
they won't even tell
me what's going on.
Jesse, wasn't one
of those times-
because they were planning
you a surprise party?
Yeah, but-
what about all
the other times?
I don't know.
I think you're
grasping at straws.
What about the fact-
that they both decided
to take a vacation-
at the same time?
I mean, that's
pretty suspicious.
They work together.
Naturally they have
corresponding schedules.
Oh my gosh.
They might be
together right now-
on some sort of
lovers' getaway.
Donovan's off too!
Yeah.
But-
yeah.
I guess.
See?
I don't think you
have anything.
Huh.
Sorry if I was
short before.
Nothing personal.
Just-
I know this
place, is all.
Have you always
lived here?
Mm-hmm.
My whole life.
Seems like people really
look out for each other.
Yeah, and we want
to keep it that way.
Here's the thing.
You bring in
city folks-
you open up the door to
a boatload of problems.
Drugs, violence.
Ah, I'm
not so sure.
No?
You're the one who says
that Eric was murdered.
Well not necessary
by a come from away.
Oh I don't know
about that.
Do you have something
on your mind?
Small towns are where
city types come-
to hide their secrets.
That so?
Mm-hmm.
Take those two who own
the B for instance.
They're not all they're
cracked up to be.
I know.
Pretty nice, huh?
this place even
backs on the water.
Ah, don't get
your hopes up.
I know, I know.
Hi, you've
reached Jesse.
Leave a message
after the beep.
Jesse, it's Charlie.
Listen, I need you to check
into something for me.
Can you give me
a call back?
Come on pal.
Hey!
How's it going
in here?
Hey!
Gina had to
head back-
to the station.
I think she's warming
to our presence.
Hmm!
You find
anything of note?
No, not yet.
Maybe Rex can help.
Yeah, maybe.
I also think-
Angus and Ian might
be worth a closer look.
Why's that?
Gina implied as much.
Sounds like she
is warming up.
Okay why don't I
go back to the B
see if I can dig
anything up on those two?
Okay.
What do you
think Rex, huh?
There must be something
in here, right?
Are you
sure we're alone?
Angus won't
be back for a while.
God, everything's
just been so crazy.
Don't worry
about that now.
Come here.
I wonder
who took these?
What is it, Rex?
What's in Marie's car?
We didn't
mean to hurt anybody.
Marie reached out
after she left Eric.
It was hard
for her.
Ian listened.
He understood what
I was going through.
We didn't mean for
any of this to happen.
I just-
What about Angus?
I love my husband.
A lot.
But sometimes I-
love women too.
Please don't tell him.
And Eric-
did he know?
No.
We were careful.
Yeah, I can
see that.
Jesse, what's up?
Hey, I got
your messages.
I'll see what
I can dig up.
Give me a
few hours?
Thanks.
Everything okay over there?
Yeah!
Uh- great.
Hey!
Um-
Have you seen
Sarah at all?
Sarah?
No.
Didn't she say-
that she was going to visit
her family this weekend?
Uh- she did?
I don't remember that.
Hmm.
Got to go.
Hey.
What's that?
It's a bicycle
inner tube.
It fits
inside a tire.
We found it in the
back of Marie's car.
Rex alerted to it.
Then it must
be important.
Well I think the killer
used this to strangle Eric.
The width matches the
ligature marks on Eric's neck.
And I found traces of talc
like this on his skin.
Marie.
Is this yours?
Definitely not.
I don't even
own a bike.
Then why was it
in your trunk?
It beats me.
Do you really think-
I could possibly do
something like this?
You tell me.
I'm his ex.
I'm not a
psycho killer.
Besides, I was
with Ian all day.
Tell them.
Is that true?
We were together.
Got back here just
before you two checked in.
And you'd be willing
to go on the record?
Make a statement?
But I won't testify.
If Angus finds
out about us-
he'll walk!
I could lose everything!
Easy pal.
So it looks like we
have two problems.
Who killed Eric?
And who tried to pin
the blame on Marie?
This is where it
gets interesting.
Why would someone
want to do that?
Well let's assume
that Angus knew-
that Ian was
having an affair.
That would give him a reason
to want to blame Marie.
Yeah.
Punish her, and
throw the investigation.
Yeah, but what would
Angus have against Eric?
Something big enough
to want him dead.
Yeah, it doesn't
make sense.
Unless-
Unless what?
Do you remember that comment
that Ian made to Angus-
about wanting Eric's property
now that he's gone?
It's just got
me thinking.
About what?
You know what?
Just give me
a half hour?
Okay.
Rex.
Almost done.
How do you feel
about your case now?
I don't know.
I mean-
apparently Sarah's in Toronto-
visiting her parents.
And Charlie's
out of town-
getting some
fresh air with Rex.
You sound disappointed.
I just-
I don't know-
I thought I was
on to something.
Well, I hope this won't
disappoint you further.
Should I be scared?
I'm a little scared.
That is
incredible!
Wow!
You really
have a gift!
I can't take
all the credit.
You're an amazing subject-
with really good
bone structure.
Yeah, it's my grandmother's
cheekbones, I guess.
Can I-
Can I have this?
Of course!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Hey Angus.
You got a minute?
Yeah!
What can I
do for you?
Listen.
Was Ian serious
about wanting-
to put a bid
on Eric's place?
What are you
talking about?
What about yourself?
Wanting to expand
the business?
Buy the adjacent property?
Build a spa?
That was a joke!
I'm not so sure.
What are you
getting at?
Are you suggesting
that I killed Eric-
because I wanted
his property?
Did you?
That's ridiculous.
Sure,
just a moment.
Hello!
Hi.
Is Lauren Humphries here?
I'm sorry.
She's not in today.
Something I can
help you with?
Ms. Humphries
didn't come to work?
Not since Friday.
That's before
they found Eric.
Everything okay?
Yeah can we see the tax
assessments and valuations-
for Eric Gordon's property?
Eric Gordon?
Yeah that's correct.
And could you also pull
the tax assessments-
for his previously-
owned pub?
Sure.
Just a moment.
I remember you talking about
moving out of the city-
when we were on
Avalon Island last year.
Yeah, the vistas,
the fresh air-
Yes buddy.
And the sheep.
You still think you want
to live in a small town-
after this weekend?
The question is whether
or not I could afford it.
Take a look
at this.
Ooh!
I knew Apple Bay
was gentrifying.
But I didn't expect
these prices.
Sorry, but Mr. Gordon's files
must have been misplaced.
They're gone?
It's strange.
Lauren's usually
pretty thorough.
Okay, thank you.
Charlie.
I found an empty folder
from the city in Eric's garage.
That must be the
tax assessments.
Someone wants
them to disappear.
We need to figure out
what Eric was up to.
Come on pal.
Hey.
Did I wake
you up?
Must be lonely
over there.
No no, I'm good.
You know, just
keeping busy.
Good.
Any luck with the status
of Eric's property?
Oh yeah, Charlie.
It's a doozie.
Really?
How so?
The assessed value
of his house-
tripled in the
last two months.
And it was-
very high
to begin with.
What about the
property taxes?
Astronomical.
Yeah, I'll shoot
you the specifics.
Okay thanks.
Um- look.
Anything on the pub
that Eric lost?
Oh, well I
mean yeah.
Property taxes were
huge on that, too.
And the valuation
was through the roof.
Was?
What's changed?
I don't know.
The value of the
pub just dropped-
after the new owner
took possession.
Okay.
Good.
Thanks Jesse.
Is that it?
For now.
Even in a town
on the rise-
a tripled property assessment-
is unheard of.
Yeah.
No wonder Eric
lost his pub.
I think we need
to talk to Lauren.
I think there was something
she wasn't telling us.
Sarah.
Oh!
Here, Rex.
Here, let me try.
She's breathing.
There's no way she
did this to herself.
Rex.
Someone else is here!
Gina.
I need a doctor at Lauren
Humphries' residence right away.
Someone tried
to strangle her.
Okay.
Lauren.
Can you hear me?
Wake up!
Hey.
Hi.
Tell me what happened.
Everything went black.
Who did this
to you?
Ughh!
I'll
tell you what.
I'll give you a chance
to explain yourself-
before I put you
behind bars.
Come on!
So what are you
hiding, huh?
Some kind of deal
with the City Assessor?
She was fudging
the numbers?
That's how you
got the pub?
This place was
choking me.
But he offered
me something.
Who?
Who did?
Tom.
She made adjustments
to the assessments.
That's it.
You mean-
she blew up
the tax rates-
slapping Eric with
impossible bills.
You forced
him to sell.
The conditions
just weren't right.
So I made adjustments-
adjustments to the landscape!
And giving you the first
opportunity at the sale.
But Lauren-
she lowered the tax rates as
soon as you took possession.
That was a pretty
sweet deal huh?
What was in
it for her?
He offered me a 10 percent
commission on all his purchases.
I made more money on
the sale of Eric's pub-
than I had in
my whole life.
But I had
no idea-
that Eric would
take it so hard.
I bet Eric didn't see
a dime of the money-
he got from
the sale.
The creditors
would've taken it all.
And now Tom is
after Eric's house.
I said no.
I tried to talk
him out of it.
You tried to back
out of the deal.
Yeah.
I couldn't keep going-
not after what happened.
So Tom attacked you.
He must have
knocked me out.
The next
thing I knew-
you were here.
But Eric wasn't going
to sell this time.
He knew what
you were up to.
He was going to go
to the police, right?
I tried to
talk to him.
I tried.
But he was
so drunk!
That's why
you killed him.
I punched him.
I punched him!
And he went
out cold!
And that's when
you strangled him.
Huh?
With the inner tube you
found in his garage?
Made it look
like a suicide.
But when you failed-
you blamed
it on Marie.
A cheater-
with an alcoholic husband.
It'd be easy to make
her look guilty, huh?
No regrets there.
But you didn't
stop there.
Then you went
after Lauren.
We found
you just in time.
Rex saved your life.
You should have
just left me to die.
You will get
through this.
Fraud is serious.
But you testify
against Tom.
You could have your
sentence reduced.
It's not that.
I can survive jail.
I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
Kendra was a
good person-
her whole life
ahead of her.
But Eric-
didn't save her.
Oh Lauren.
What happened to your
daughter was a tragic accident.
But I'm so sorry.
It wasn't Eric's fault.
He just stood there-
as the waves
pulled her under.
Watched from the shore
as she disappeared.
He kept on living-
when Kendra was gone.
That coward
deserved to lose.
He just wasn't
supposed to die.
What was I
supposed to do?
I had no choice.
There's always a choice.
Now you're going to go
away for a long time-
because of
what you did-
and all the lives
that you ruined.
Yeah, it's nice to
see justice being served.
Even when
it's on our vacation?
Well, I owe you both
of you an apology.
No no.
Not at all.
Without your help, Eric's
killer would've walked free.
We're happy
to have helped.
I appreciate it.
I really do.
Still, I have
to wonder-
if any of this would
have happened if those-
Torontonians
never arrived.
No offense.
Good luck, Gina.
Yeah,
I hope things-
go back to
normal soon.
I don't know what that
looks like anymore.
Bye Rex.
Thank you.
And don't come back!
Looks like
the cat's out of the bag.
We should
get out of here.
Rex.
♪I guess often I
stare into the sun♪
♪O'r the hills
♪And long beyond
the river's run♪
♪I take time
to never mind♪
♪Never mind, never
mind, never mind♪
♪It shows me a life well
worth the gamble on♪
Good job buddy.
♪Lately I
cannot hide it♪
Yeah.
♪The feeling early poets
define a treason to define it♪
I'm sorry this whole weekend
turned out to be about work.
Well the change of
scenery was exciting.
Even if it wasn't
exactly a vacation.
Well, we don't
have to go-
back to work
till tomorrow.
So we could still-
technically-
enjoy the last day
of our vacation.
Speaking of which-
I brought a little
something back for us-
from Apple Bay.
Oh yeah!
Mm-hmm.
Now that is the kind
of souvenir I appreciate.
Yeah.
♪Lately I
cannot hide it♪
♪The feeling early poets
define a treason to define it♪
♪I'll give it
all my best♪
♪It's not in the
message I make♪
time that it takes♪
I like the country.
Doop!